W-11593638-permission-model-for-sharing-fa (#201)
mulesoft/docs-design-center: modules/ROOT/pages/design-assigning-permissions.adoc

Depending on your organization's permission structure, you can assign  permissions using the xref:access-management::teams.adoc[Teams] feature, the xref:access-management::users.adoc#grant-user-permissions[Roles] feature (deprecated), or by assigning an xref:access-management::users.adoc#grant-user-permissions[individual user permission].

== Design Center Permissions

Design Center Viewer:: Enables users to view all Design Center projects within a business group. Users with this permission cannot create new projects, edit or rename existing projects, or share projects with another user. Users with this permission can test a project with the Mocking Service. Assign this permission to those who consume your project in a specific business group.
Design Center Creator:: Enables users to create projects in Design Center from the navigation panel, and view all projects created or shared with the user. Use this permission to invite users to create, edit and maintain your projects.
Design Center Developer:: Enables users to view, create, and manage all projects within a business group. Use this permission to set up administrators for all the projects within a specific business group.

> 

Author: API Designer team: I think what this doc is missing is another section about the share button and how to add the permissions from there vs from access management. What do you think? ty

= Set User Access Permissions

Design Center provides multiple ways to set up access management to provide collaboration across teams. 

Depending on your organization's permission structure, you can assign permissions using the xref:access-management::teams.adoc[Teams] feature, the xref:access-management::users.adoc#grant-user-permissions[Roles] feature (deprecated), or by assigning an xref:access-management::users.adoc#grant-user-permissions[individual user permission].

> NOTE: Mule Applications can't be shared.

Reviewer: This NOTE should be posted in the "Sharing Projects from Design Center" section.

> == Design Center Permissions

Reviewer 2: We may need to add these in a subsection called business group permissions, and add another subsection for project level permissions. Also, we can clarify that whatever higher permission you are granted, that is the one that will be used. (i.e. User with DC Viewer that is project administrator of a certain project, will be able to administrate that project even if he/she is a DC Viewer in the org)

= Set User Access Permissions

Design Center provides multiple ways to set up access management to provide collaboration across teams. 

Depending on your organization's permission structure, you can assign permissions using the xref:access-management::teams.adoc[Teams] feature, the xref:access-management::users.adoc#grant-user-permissions[Roles] feature (deprecated), or by assigning an xref:access-management::users.adoc#grant-user-permissions[individual user permission].

== Design Center Permissions

=== Business Group Permissions

> Design Center Viewer:: Enables users to view all Design Center projects within a business group. Users with this permission cannot create new projects, edit or rename existing projects, or share projects with another user. Users with this permission can test a project with the Mocking Service. Assign this permission to those who consume your project in a specific business group.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Design Center Viewer:: Enables users to view all Design Center projects within a business group and test projects with the Mocking Service. Users with this permission cannot create new projects, edit or rename existing projects, or share projects with another user. Assign this permission to those who consume your project in a specific business group.
```

> Design Center Creator:: Enables users to create projects in Design Center from the navigation panel, and view all projects created or shared with the user. Use this permission to invite users to create, edit and maintain your projects.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Design Center Creator:: Enables users to create projects in Design Center from the navigation panel, and view all projects created or shared with the user. Use this permission to invite users to create, edit, and maintain your projects.
```

Design Center Developer:: Enables users to view, create, and manage all projects within a business group. Use this permission to set up administrators for all the projects within a specific business group.

=== Project Level Permissions

> Project Viewer:: Enables users to view a Design Center project within a business group. Users with this permission cannot create a new project, edit or rename the existing project, or share the project with another user. Users with this permission can test a project with the Mocking Service. Assign this permission to those who consume your project in a specific business group.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Project Viewer:: Enables users to view a Design Center project within a business group and test projects with the Mocking Service. Users with this permission cannot create a new project, edit or rename the existing project, or share the project with another user. Assign this permission to those who consume your project in a specific business group.
```

> Project Editor:: Enables users to edit a Design Center project within a business group. Use this permission to invite users to create, edit and maintain your projects.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Project Editor:: Enables users to edit a Design Center project within a business group. Use this permission to invite users to create, edit, and maintain your projects.
```

> Project Administrator:: Enables users to view, create, and manage all projects within a business group. Use this permission to set up administrators for all the projects within a specific business group.

Reviewer 2: I would change `Enables users to view, create, and manage all projects within a business group` with `Enables users to manage and share a Design Center project within a business group`

> NOTE: If you are granted organization and project permissions, the highest permission level will be the one that applies to that specific project.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you grant organization and project permissions, the highest permission level is the one that applies to that specific project.
```

Reviewer 3: The previous content is directed at the grantor, not the grantee.

== Project Views

From the Design Center home page, you can select between three types of views for your project list:

> 

Reviewer 3: Should this list below be a bullet list?

*API Projects*: Lists all the projects you have access to.
*Shared with me*: Lists only the projects shared with you by other users.

> *Mule flows*: Lists the Mule applications created by you. This view is only available if you have the “Design Center Developer” permission.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*Mule flows*: Lists the Mule applications created by you. This view is available only if you have the Design Center Developer permission.
```

Reviewer 3: I don't think we put permissions in quotes.

== Sharing Projects from Design Center

> NOTE: Mule Applications can't be shared.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
NOTE: Mule applications can't be shared.
```

Reviewer 3: (Active voice)

> You can share your projects and add the corresponding permissions directly from Design Center. To do so:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To share your projects and add the corresponding permissions directly from Design Center:
```

> 

Reviewer 3: This list should be an ordered (numbered) list. Use . instead of *.

> * Go to the Design Center home page and select a project from the list.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* From the Design Center home page, select a project from the list.
```

Reviewer 3: Do you want to be more specific? Click the project name?

> * On the *API Projects* header, click *Share Project*, or, under project details click *Change access*.

Reviewer 3: Not sure what you mean by "header". On qax, when I'm in a project, I see a Share button at the top. I don't see Change access. Maybe a screenshot would help?

> ** In the Share project dialog, type the name of the user or the team in your organization you want to give access.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
** In the *Share project* dialog box, type the name of the user or the team in your organization you want to give access.
```

> ** Select the permission level from the dropdown list. The available options are “Viewer”, “Editor” and “Admin”.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
** Select the permission level from the dropdown list. The available options are “Viewer”, “Editor”, and “Admin”.
```

** Click *Save* and then click *Close*.

== Sharing Projects from API Designer

> You can share your projects and add the corresponding permissions directly from API Designer. To do so:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To share your projects and add the corresponding permissions directly from API Designer:
```

Reviewer 3: The list below should be numbered, not bulleted.

> * Go to the Design Center home page and open a project from your list.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. From the Design Center home page, click the project name.
```

> * On the header of the project, click *Share*.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Click the *Share* (picture-of-button) button.
```

> ** In the Share project dialog, type the name of the user or the team in your organization you want to give access.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. In the *Share project* dialog box, enter the name of the user or the team in your organization to give access.
```

> ** Select the permission level from the dropdown list. The available options are “Viewer”, “Editor” and “Admin”.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. Select the permission level from the dropdown list. The available options are “Viewer”, “Editor”, and “Admin”.
```

** Click *Save* and then click *Close*.

== Removing Access from a Project

* Open the *Share project* dialog following the previous instructions.

> * Open the dropdown list for the user or team that you want to remove access to and click the *Remove Access* option.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. For the user or team that you want to remove access to, select *Remove Access* from the dropdown list.
```
